Add documentation for the rewriter (#481)
immunant/IA2-Phase2: docs/usage.md

protection key. This doc walks through how to compartmentalize a program using
our source rewriter.

## Running the Rewriter

The build process for a compartmentalized program is to first run the sources
through our source rewriter, then compile with any standard C toolchain with a
few additional flags. In order to run the rewriter a few preparation steps
must be taken.

### Defining Compartments

The rewriter needs to know which compartment each source file belongs to, and it
needs each compartment to be initialized in one of the source files. To specify

> the compartment for each file, add a `-DPKEY=$PKEY` argument to the compiler,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the compartment for each file, add a `-DPKEY=$PKEY` argument to the compile command,
```

Note that this must only be included in one source file per DSO.

### Capturing Compile Commands

The rewriter relies on a `compile_commands.json` file with information about the
compiler flags used to compile each source file. If your build system does not
directly support generating a compile commands file, you can use a tool like
`bear` to record the compiler invocations that your build system makes.

One limitiation is that the rewriter currently does not support having multiple
compile commands for the same source file. If your build system builds the same
source file multiple times, e.g. building for both a shared lib and a static

> lib, you'll need to change your build such that it only builds the sources once.

Reviewer: It "supports" this, in that it'll just warn and choose the first one.

Author: Oh good point. The warnings are pretty easy to miss in the rewriter's output, so I think I still want the warning here, but I'll reword it to be more accurate.

Note that `libclangTooling`, which `ia2-rewriter` uses, is very finicky
about relative paths, so we suggest making all relative paths absolute.
Furthermore, `ia2-rewriter` itself sometimes uses paths as keys,
so we suggest making all paths canonical. We have a script,
[`canonicalize_compile_command_paths.py`](../tools/rewriter/canonicalize_compile_command_paths.py),
that does this automatically (doing its best to detect paths embedded in args).
`libclangTooling` also requires compilation databases to be named exactly
`compile_commands.json`, so this script assumes that as well,
and must be run in the directory of the `compile_commands.json`, like this:

```sh
(cd $build_directory && $ia2_dir/tools/rewriter/canonicalize_compile_command_paths.py)
```

> ### Running the Rewriter

Reviewer: Does it make sense to call it this when this is inside of `## Running the Rewriter`?

Author: Oh lol that's a good point. I'll change the first header to "Setup and Rewriter".

Once you have added the code to initialize each compartment, and have generated
a `compile_commands.json` with the necessary `PKEY` values specified (via
`-DPKEY=N`), you can run the rewriter.

Instead of rewriting sources in-place, the rewriter creates a set of new,
intermediate source (and header) files. Since the rewriter only accepts a list
of `.c` source files, the set of intermediate headers that will be created is
controlled by the `--root-directory` and `--output-directory` command-line

> flags. Any file from subdirectories of the root directory which is `#include`d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flags. Any file from subdirectories of the root directory that is `#include`d
```
